At this point, it makes sense to recap everything we've been discussing recently.
So far, in this course,
you have first learned about and implemented
a one-dimensional Kalman Filter which could actually be used to track a vehicle like,
for example, a train that's moving in one dimension.
And it would do that by using
a Gaussian probability distribution to represent some belief about where the vehicle is.
Then you learned a bit about what we mean when we talk about
a vehicle state and how we can think of motion as a state transition.
Then you saw how object-oriented programming gives us a nice way to represent
state in objects and to use methods to change or transition that state.
This led to a more purely mathematical representation of state as lists of numbers,
also known as vectors.
And then you saw how, mathematically,
matrix multiplication can perform state transitions on these states.
And just now, Sebastian brought up the idea of
the "Many-D" Kalman Filter equations
which are actually useful for real driving situations.
But he suggested that we not worry about the matrix math that underlies these equations.
But since this nanodegree is your first step towards
a career where you're actually going to have to work with these equations in code,
we actually are going to worry about them.